The following Terms have been updated on 13 October 2019 and are in immediate effect.

## 1. User Agreement
**1.1.** These Terms And Conditions constitute an agreement between You (the 'user') and the GameProxy admins ('GameProxy') that governs the payment and use of GameProxy's GameProxy Pro products and services. By using the services You agree that You have read, understood, and accepted the terms and conditions in the Terms. If You do not agree with any of these Terms, please do not purchase or use GameProxy's GameProxy Pro products and services.

**1.2.** THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MANAGED BY GAMEPROXY ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHOULD GAMEPROXY, ITS CONTRIBUTORS OR ITS COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITIES, ARISING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR DEALINGS OF GAMEPROXY'S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

**1.3.** The language of these Terms is in English (United Kingdom) and any translations are for reference only. If there are inaccurate translations, the English (United Kingdom) version controls.

## 2. Payment
**2.1.** GameProxy Pro may only be purchased though PayPal or redeemed by a special code or voucher officially created or generated by GameProxy (these methods are what is to 'purchase'). Special codes or vouchers that are not created or generated by GameProxy are invalid and if You use them You will be in violation of these Terms.

**2.2.** By redeeming a special code or voucher to get a GameProxy Pro membership, the special code or voucher used will no longer be valid, even after refunding. If You use a speical code or voucher, You cannot receive money for refunding, instead Your GameProxy Pro membership will be terminated with no money transferral to You.

**2.3.** Purchasing GameProxy Pro requires a GameProxy account, which can be created by You at no price. You will need a valid email address that You own and a password that You will remember to use Your account. A username may also be required when signing up for a GameProxy account, which must not contain any profanity. If You are already signed into a GameProxy account, that account will be used for GameProxy Pro.

**2.4.** GameProxy Pro membership is not transerrable between GameProxy accounts.

**2.5.** PayPal is a third-party payment method and therefore GameProxy cannot guarantee any reliability or warranty of use of the PayPal service. Please consult with PayPal's respective User Agreement before paying for GameProxy Pro with PayPal.

**2.6.** Your GameProxy Pro membership is subject to expiry, depending on the price You paid and the time period You selected at purchase time. In the event that Your GameProxy Pro membership expires, You will not be allowed to use GameProxy Pro until You purchase it again. You will also no longer be subject to these Terms until You purchase GameProxy Pro again.

**2.7.** GameProxy Pro is only refundable through contacting the GameProxy admins through email at [support@gameproxy.host](mailto:support@gameproxy.host). It may take as much time as is needed for GameProxy to respond to refund Your GameProxy Pro membership. By refunding Your account You are no longer subject to these Terms until You purchase GameProxy Pro again. Due to the nature of the GameProxy Pro product, refunds may only be made within 3 days of purchase. By using GameProxy Pro, you agree to this refund policy.

**2.8.** You may not hack or otherwise bypass GameProxy's security system to receive a GameProxy Pro membership. If You do this, You will be in violation of the GameProxy Terms.